docs: ✏️ mention the Training metrics tab (#193)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/hub/adding-a-model.md

* a lot more!

Read more about model tags [here](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/model-repos#how-are-model-tags-determined).

8. Add TensorBoard traces

Models trained with 🤗 Transformers will generate [TensorBoard traces](https://huggingface.co/transformers/main_classes/callback.html?highlight=tensorboard#transformers.integrations.TensorBoardCallback) by default if [`tensorboard`](https://pypi.org/project/tensorboard/) is installed.

> Beyond 🤗 Transformers, any repository that versions TensorBoard traces (filenames that contain `tfevents`) is categorized with the [`TensorBoard` tag](https://huggingface.co/models?filter=tensorboard). The "Training metrics" tab then makes it easy to review charts of the logged variables, like the loss or the accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond 🤗 Transformers, any repository that contains TensorBoard traces (filenames that contain `tfevents`) is categorized with the [`TensorBoard` tag](https://huggingface.co/models?filter=tensorboard). As a convention we suggest that you save traces under the `runs/` subfolder. The "Training metrics" tab then makes it easy to review charts of the logged variables, like the loss or the accuracy.
```
